The "VALUE VAULT" template
- Product/Service "SOLUTION"
Specifically define your solution in a compelling way - what is it and what is unique and important about it? 
why should people cara about it? True Value is only generated by your solution if it solves real problems or major unmet needs for a customer. Vs all the alternatives/competitors that they could use instead. Inertia in adopting new technologies can be challenging to overcome, esp. in healthcare.

- Customer Ecosystem
Where is your ideal target cusomer located? - in a pharma company, in a university, an emerging biotech, health system, milirary, government lab,
rural, clinic, etc. Understanding the customer's ecosystem, and all the stakeholders within it, is critical to understanding how new solutions are evaluated and purchasing decisions are made.

- Key "customers" who benefit
Who does your solution hekp in that ecosystem? it can and probably will include multiple "customer" types. Lab directors, scientists, students, lab managers, outside collaboratos, senior administrators/executives, patients, physicians, nuerses, etc.. who are the most important ones to consider in communicating your value proposition story. 

- Purchasers/Decision/Makers/Influencers
Purchasers/decision makers may be different from the key customers defined above. For example, health insurers may set payment rates for new diagnostic tests; or a central IT group may need to be consulted on new software purchases (vs. building their own version or buying an alternative that other groups are requesting). Need to define value for them as well.

- Additional hurdles to consider
Budgetary Limits. Existing/legacy vendors. Exclusive contracts that prohibit new solutions. Any other roadblocks that may prevent your targetd customers from buying your solution.

- Evidence proving your significant value
Current evidence you have to support the value drivers listed above, and what additional evidence you will need to validate this meaningful value. This evidence will be critical to drive adoption and usage, and to attract inverstors, partners, and team members.

text example structure:
Highlighting the need; key features overview; social proof


Funding opportunity:
SBIR/STTR funding

why
provides seed funding for innovative technology development
IP rights retained by the small business

NCI SBIR funds many technology types
200M dollars funding annualy

How to get it
Concept award (High innovative)
High-risk, high-reward, early-stage projects, pipleine for nnovation, concept
300K for 1 year

Phase I > Phase II (Fast-track)
Proof of concept - $400K over 1 year / Research & development, comerciatiliation plan required, 2.25M over 2 year

Dirct to Phase II if you have the proof.

NCI SBIR phae II B bridge Award 

SBIR Vs STTR
Partnership; Division of labor; PI Involvelment 
The award is always made to the samll business concern.

Find the small business to apply. Might be the bottle neck.

Webpage: Innovator support at NIH seed

https://sbir.cancer.gov
